# School_District_Analysis
#Challenge Analysis
After the Thomas High school 9th grades were removed, the district summary showed that average math scores, average reding scores, % pass Math, % pass Reading and % overall pass were little lower than the original student data, while the school number, total students and total budget were not changed. The school summary showed that for Thomas high school, the average math score was lower, and the average reading score were little higher than the original, the % pass math, %pass reading and % overall pass were way lower than the original school summary. Based on the overall pass %, Thomas High school was ranked 2nd among all schools originally and it became the 8th after the 9th grades were removed. The Math and Reading score by grade for Thomas High school were removed for 9th grade while other grade scores were not changed. The score results of spending range per student were affected in the range between $630-644, the average reading scores and math scores were about the same as the original ones while the %pass math, %pass reading and % overall pass were a lot lower after the 9th grade were removed. The results for school size (1000-2000) range affected by removing the 9th grade scores for Thomas High school, the average reading and math scores were about the same as original while the %math pass, %reading pass and % overall pass were lower than the original results. For the school type data, the charter school type results were changed. The %math pass, %reading pass and %overall pass were lower than the original while other results are about the same. In conclusion, the average score results were not affected by changing the 9th grade to NaN because the system did not count the results for NaN students when calculating the mean. However, for the % pass rates, the system counts all students including those NaN, so it dropped the passing rates a lot.
